So those were some of the basics.
I think you have all the background now on how Google Analytics gets data,
what you find in the reports,
and how you can narrow your view to study and compare segments.
Let me give you a sense of what will follow in the next lessons.
As we delve into Google Analytics,
we like to keep the customer journey in mind or the path
a user takes from awareness all the way to action and beyond.
Visitors on your site will be at different stages in their customer journey,
and ideally your site is set up such that it can help push the users to action,
whatever the desired action is.
We will provide you with a lot more detail on how you study all this in Google Analytics,
and you will have ample opportunity to practice.